Add migration guide for Platform 0.11 & 0.12 (#611)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/reference/spec/migration/platform-api-0.11-0.12.md

+++
title="Platform API 0.11 -> 0.12"
+++

<!--more-->

This guide is most relevant to platform operators, base image authors, and builder authors.

See the [spec release](https://github.com/buildpacks/spec/releases/tag/platform%2Fv0.12) for Platform API 0.12 for the full list of changes and further details.

## Platform Operator

### Stacks are deprecated

In Platform 0.12, the concepts of stacks and mixins are removed
in favor of existing constructs in the container image ecosystem such as operating system name, operating system distribution, and architecture.

#### During build

The `-stack` flag is removed from the `analyzer` and `exporter` and replaced with a `-run` flag
that indicates the location of a `run.toml` file with schema:

```toml
[[images]]
 image = "<image>"
 mirrors = ["<mirror>", "<mirror>"]
```

> This file will be created automatically during `pack builder create` if the `pack` version is at least `0.30.0` (see below).

Author: ```suggestion
This file will be created automatically at `/cnb/run.toml` during `pack builder create` if the `pack` version is at least `0.30.0` (see below).
```

* Invoke `detector` with the `-run` flag, to specify the location of a `run.toml` file containing run image information
  * When extensions switch the run image, this is used to log a warning if the new run image is not a known run image
* Invoke `restorer` with the `-dameon` flag (newly added in this Platform API version) if the export target is a daemon
  * When extensions switch the run image, the `restorer` must re-read target data from the new run image in order to provide this information to buildpacks; if `-daemon` is provided the `restorer` will look for the run image in a daemon instead of a registry
  * When extensions extend the run image, the `-daemon` flag has no effect as the `restorer` must be able to pull the run image manifest from a registry
* Invoke `extender` as usual to extend the builder image (see [migration guide](/docs/reference/spec/migration/platform-api-0.9-0.10/index.html) for Platform 0.10)
* Inspect the contents of `analyzed.toml` - if `run-image.extend` is `true` we must run the `extender` on the run image
* Using the **run image** as the basis for the container, invoke `extender` with flags `-kind run` and `-extended <extended dir>`

>   * `<extended dir>` is the directory where layers from applying each `run.Dockerfile` to the run image will be saved for use by the `exporter`; it defaults to `<layers>/extended`

Author: ```suggestion
  * `<extended dir>` is the directory where layers created from the application of each `run.Dockerfile` to the run image will be saved for use by the `exporter`; it defaults to `<layers>/extended`
```
